Hi @%{user}%,

It seems like there is a small issue with your repo named [%{reponame}%](%{url}%).

Currently, if people try to download your repo as a .zip file, they will have a bug if they try to import `.cls` or `.frm` files in the Visual Basic Editor (VBE). That's because these downloaded files would have Unix-style line endings (LF) instead of what the VBE expects: Windows-style line endings (CRLF).

%{ls_files_report}%

# How to fix this?

The simplest way is probably to just enforce CRLF in the Index. There are 2 methods you could use to do that:

#### Method A:

If you still have the original files exported from the VBE in your working directory and you are able to use Git from the command line, you can simply run the following 2 commands:

```bash
git add . --renormalize
git commit -m "Restore line endings"
```

#### Method B:

You could also simply use [Enforce-CRLF](https://github.com/DecimalTurn/Enforce-CRLF) which will make sure to enforce CRLF in your repo for all the current files and will also prevent LF from being introduced by mistake in the future.

<hr>

For more information on how to configure your `.gitattributes` file, you can have a look at https://github.com/DecimalTurn/VBA-on-GitHub.

And if you have any questions, feel free to ask it here and a real human will answer you.

<hr>


<sup>This message was autogenerated. If you believe that it was an error, please reply to let us know and improve the bot. If you no longer want to receive these types of notifications, please reply "stop" to this message.</sup>
